# WeatherSprint

Progress Log-
Day One:
I spent most of the day creating the design of the website more or less, didn't have enough time to start fetching the API's. Im going to be working on it after hours to atleast get my API's so i don't have to play catchup tomorrow.

Day Two: Spent most of my morning doing so last minute studying for evaluations, did the evaluation. Then took a 10 minute break, after that break i started working on the Java Script portion and manage to get the Geolocation prompt working, now i need to fetch the API's and do the scrollable favorites list next. Oh and i also started the async function I have to complete that. Will definitely be working on it for homework tonight. Hopefully complete the async function, the scrollable list of favorites/css touchups and start fetching some data.

Day Three: Did not make as much progress as i would've liked, i messed with the css and html because i forgot to do my api key, i succesfully got it and started trying to fetch data but was confused, doesn't help that im working from home either. I will continue working on this and doing some research/watching lms videos to try to see what im doing wrong as i have been since after lunch(when my api key was valid). kinda sucks that i waited this long but i practically wasted yesterday. Hopefully i can fetch these api's by tonight so i can start working on search bar and the time API tomorrow. As for css and html i kinda fixed some erros in my prototype and made it closer to the figma. Im currently in the process of fixing sizes and centering a button. I've also been working/testing different scrollable lists for my favorite list. Almost done with that. I also need to make the "Save to favorites" button functional.

Day Four: I definitely got stuck on trying to display my data and now have to play a major catchup game. Im struggling with actually displaying it and have tried multiple methods but i guess thats what ill be working on most of tonight. I still need to get the search bar working which should be pretty simple, and 5 day forecast but i might start that tonight and try to finish by tomorrow, really the main part im struggling with is actually displaying the data.

Day 5: pulled Api's for geolocation finally getting it to work with my code, managed to finish a functional search bar that searched by town and has on on Enter key press, Pulled api's for when you search a town. I watched some youtube videos last night, i tried watching the lms videos but for some reason could't really understand it enough to implement it (no disrespect to kens lectures) so i watched a detailed youtube video(can't remember the name) where a guy went in detail and psuedo coded what everything was doing and boosted my progress a ton, which i wish i learned earlier i may have finished the project. I also couldn't find the UV index data in any api so that was a problem. I couldn't get time working with longitude and latitude of the city either. Once again i spent way to much time trying to figure out how to fetch and call somewhat correctly and didn't have much time to figure out the other data. I didn't even attempt the favorites list and could not get the 5 day forecast to work. Will be working on my own weather app from scratch to practice every concept in this assignment.

Peer Reveiwer-Michael Heckerman
Peer Review Info- The site looks almost identical to the figma. I'm disapointed that the "client" put items in the figma that are not possible to call. Could have done a math.round on the weather and other fields that don't need a decimal. The search function works for the world not just the USA. Doesn't have the ability to save favorites.
